[GEOT-6726] Add new FilteringVectorProcess (#3187)
geotools/geotools: docs/user/unsupported/process/process-feature.rst

     description: String   description                    description: String
                           area=area( the_geom)           area: Double
                           text=concatenate(name,'-',id)  text: String

> Filtering Features

Reviewer: Tad too generic, it's not just filtering, it's more like "choosing a particular feature in a group". "Group candidate selection" maybe?

Author: fixed

Reviewer: The title still looks the same to me?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/325433/97695844-f6a68900-1aa4-11eb-8ea7-0d82d6210ce0.png)

Author: fixed

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Filters a FeatureCollection according to the aggregate operation chosen (MIN or MAX) and the groups defined through attribute names: given a collection of features for each group defined only the feature having the MIN or MAX value for the chosen attribute will be included in the final output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters a FeatureCollection according to the aggregate operation chosen (MIN or MAX) and the groups defined through attribute names. Given a feature collection, groups according to the defined grouping attributes, and returns the feature having the MIN or MAX value for the chosen attribute. One feature will be chosen for each group.
```

Author: fixed
